yo guys your boy tio double oh seven
years Shawn bring you guys today is a
brand new video series to my channel
what is basically a remake of his
jeopardy I'm gonna be doing the video a
swag xbl today he's gonna be asking me
some questions and I have to answer them
and if I get them right here sleet some
stuff ever saw plywood that he opened so
it's a brand new videos like I said and
lucky for you guys I ended up making a
brand new video series as I spin off of
this it's basically going to be like a
game show of Jeopardy and it's basically
it's going to involve you guys answering
the questions you can figure out
themselves you're knocking all the
answers it's like me anything on screen
you'll be able to play the game as well
so if you guys want to see that video
leave a like on this video mean you know
you guys are interested in that that's
pretty much it i hope you guys enjoy the
video today if you know the answers to
the questions coming them down below hey
YouTube was going on is chris or swag x
failure today we have another episode of
are you smarter than youtuber today we
have the one the only the famous co
double oh seven th say what's up to the
crowd so ladies I mean guys got a
Twitter yes I do alright anyways guys
today as you guys know the game goes we
have five advanced supply drops every
single question at tio tio a question
excuse me and if you get to write I
delete everything in the Supply Drop so
anyways let's get on to the question the
first question t are you ready you got
the question no I don't know shit about
YouTube go so I'm gonna get him all
wrong all right let's get so anyways the
very first question to you name five DLC
guns that are put into call of duty so
not not counting royalties not counting
legendaries but just pure DLC guns that
come from a map fe 0 5 I know three for
sure prefer okay hm 84 yep I miss this
desk vo count no that's a no that's a
like legendary no I want like pure like
that came with the DLC modern warfare 3
fuck think of other cons to think of
other cards you got three them black ops
2 yeah there was that oh my god learning
black us to
bro you sure you sure black ops 2 DLC
weapon I got I know goat way to ghost
that ghosts had the Ripper yeah I know
that was fuck yeah why good I know I was
gonna get him wrong cuz I'm not that
hard all right I'll give you 10 more
seconds so I got the two and aww the one
in ghosts black ops 2 like I still I
have no fucking right about three all
right you give up ok so we have the
Peacekeeper for black ops 2 yeah yeah I
knew I knew it was my dude and then we
have the Ripper the maverick those are
the magic does eight hours a day no way
yo ladies I actually bought the
Peacekeeper like I used that shit daily
and the Maverick city that I've everyone
irons nay e 40 I don't even know my own
game I don't know the m1 irons that's
fuck alright so this of the Supply Drop
watch your gonna legendary drive home so
I hope so ah I think anything I got the
am or nine featherweight some pants
that's possible all right let's go
alrighty are you ready for the second
question my confidence is way down all
right which ely variance in aw have a
plus 3 damage np11 Goliath ok this one
steel bite ok it's 2 Plus 3 damage just
for theirs for them you got simulating
then really suffered is plus 2 hole
punchers plus 2 i'm not liking our
website i have a website fuck you gotta
get up tuck your head plus 3 damage yep
sniper rifle would be in na fuck I don't
know the gun name is in a 45 Ravager
yeah you got it that's three that's it
thurs 190 the fourth one is a sm g pro
pipes plus 2 plus 2 pro pipe are you
sure it's a primer
the RW one rail driver yeah there you go
i recon questions are easy ones last
fucking lateral it guns like every
single thing all right let's officer
populace who we get watching your
legendary oh no idea i got like three
enlisted weapons uh and they're not
really worth believing so let's go third
third you had third questions he are you
ready I know you ready for question okay
I guess elite guns if I'm sure you okay
what DLC pack today ayee for come from
all the name of it oh my god supremacy
was third reckoning was fourth 84 was
the first DLC weapon the first dlc map
pack i'm not looking my internet at
Google but that's fucking cheating I'm
trying to get a screenshot on the store
when you have fuck i don't know i lived
on if you say I know what it is but I
don't know it havoc book all right let's
go let's office 30 min spider see that
was like six months ago yeah I know I
tried to test that oh we got the Kraken
home that's all right it's nothing
special all right fourth question this
one should be to our this is pretty easy
question what game did what a game
introduced custom character
customization goes yeah you got that
right now is easy that was the only easy
question I'm kind of having here I just
don't give me a legendary I add deleted
Nigerian command XO but good luck I
could tell like every other supplied
yeah 24 to fifty percent and the I
shoulda got the last one right those
garlic okay nigeria nigerian where he's
at okay I got it okay alright so we have
the final question tio this one is wool
bro you get this rank your godly bro
you're legit god
okay how many kills did it take to get a
Reaper in mw3 without hardline nine fuck
damn it I played you know ass and I have
sixties I have 60 days played on water
for three DME you can play that game yes
shit had 60 days on model oh I got
paratroop answer that cuz it was uh it
was Fred Reaper pavelow work red Reaper
ac-130 s hello and I ran hard line so
it's 80 anyways guys hopefully you guys
did enjoy the video makes cash i have
dropped 150 likes to the video that'll
definitely a lot let me know if you know
what any other youtubers i can do with
go subscribe to you on the channel he
did pretty good you know but you get to
out of the 50 33 others i will hang up
the other products pretty you guys
anyways let me know if you enjoy the
series subscribe for new wrote a 10,000
Garber's i'll see ya later do so